Francisco 'Tim' Oh
FranciscoTimOh@gmail.com, +1(518)801-3486, https://www.linkedin.com/in/timbim1681


EDUCATION
University of California, Irvine - Jun. 2025
B.S. in Computer Science & Engineering, 3.5/4.0 GPA
Engineering Student Council (ESC), Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE), Theta Tau
Skills: Python, C++, C, Java, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, SQL, Verilog, VHDL, Arduino/Embedded Systems, Korean
Relevant Coursework: Data Structure Implementation and Analysis, Network Analysis, Differential Equations


TECHNICAL EXPERIENCE
Flapping Wing Micro Air Vehicle | Software Engineer, Apr. 2023 - Present
Leverage the BetaFlight framework to configure PID values of flight controllers of “QuadFlapper” drones
Compare wing performance collecting maximum thrust and minimum power values through LabVIEW
Develop a computer vision machine learning model to detect wind vortices forming behind drones’ wings

Guidance Glasses | Software Engineer, Apr. 2023 - Jun. 2023
Trained a YOLOv5 machine learning model for smart glasses helping the visually impaired cross city crosswalks
Created a custom Roboflow image recognition dataset differentiating “Walk” and “Don’t Walk” classifications
Achieved a mean average precision (mAP) value of 97.6% for detecting “Walk” and “Don’t Walk” lights
Programmed an algorithm to simultaneously integrate data from a camera, ultrasonic sensor, and microphone 
Integrated a cross-platform solution with the algorithm on Python and the haptic motor circuit on Arduino to enable the glasses to provide real-time instructions through haptic feedback

IEEE Open Project Space (OPS) | Embedded Systems Engineer, Sep. 2021 - Jun. 2022
Engineered a gyro-controlled remote control car with a custom PCB designed on KiCad
Deployed the iPoduino, an Arduino circuit that allows users to choose and play music through speakers
Delivered a synchronous Red Light, Green Light game that utilized the Universal Asynchronous Receiver Transmitter (UART) protocol to communicate randomly generated stoplights between two Arduinos

Shoe-thbrush | Team Lead, Sep. 2021 - Jun. 2022
Devised “Shoe-thbrush,” an automatic shoe sole cleaner with an original eco-friendly cleaning solution to compete in the ESC Leaders in Freshmen Engineering (LIFE) Tank Engineering Competition
Led a team of 5 by appointing roles, organizing meetings, and facilitating the exchange of ideas & information
Manufactured a working prototype with a custom DC-circuit motor system, cardboard boxes, and elastic bands


WORK EXPERIENCE
The Coder School | Coding Coach, Oct. 2022 - Sep. 2023
Coached 20 students ages 8 to 18 weekly on how to think like a programmer in Python and Scratch
Ensured high-level engagement and understanding with customized curricula tailored to each student’s needs
Drafted students’ progress reports and lesson notes punctually for clients and Coordinators after every lesson


EXTRACURRICULARS
Engineering Student Council | Director of Corporate Affairs, Oct. 2022 - Present
Hosted EngiTech, a virtual career fair, to connect a yearly average of 100+ students & 13+ different companies
Coordinated Networking Dinner Night, an in-person dinner event between 64 students and 9 companies
Organized 8 workshops catering to professional development with an average audience of 20-30 people
Arranged two company-specific events: a Northrop Grumman panel and a Skyworks Solutions company tour